README.md, before:

# maystocks

Open Source Stock Trading Software

Note: THIS IS A PRE-ALPHA release!

![Screenshot of maystocks](docs/maystocks_plots.png)

### How to use

You need a finnhub or alpaca account (or both) to retrieve stock market data.
Enter key/secret during setup, they will be encrypted using a password and stored locally (in %APPDATA%/maystocks on Windows,
$HOME/Library/Application Support/maystocks on Mac).

Currently, only US market data is supported.

Left click to scroll/zoom. Right click to reopen settings after initial setup.

## Q & A

### How do I trade?

This is a pre-alpha release of the software, only basic paper trading is currently supported (with alpaca).
Improvements and a lot more visual feedback are on the way.

If you'd like to speed up development, please sponsor this project using the links above.

### How about more indicators?

More indicators will be added eventually.

### Does maystocks also support crypto data/trading?

Not yet, but I plan to add support. Please bear with me - any kind of encouragement is welcome :-)

### Could you please add support for a specific broker/api provider?

Please suggest additional brokers on the community discord.

If you would like to commercially sponsor this project, please contact me through [maystocks.net](https://www.maystocks.net/).

### Community

[Discord](https://discord.gg/AyXVpnZhv6)

### License

AGPL3

Copyright (c) Lothar May

Commit message:

Do not show trade buttons, only show link to broker. Updating packages.

README.md, after:

# maystocks

Stock Market Data Analysis Software

Note: THIS IS A PRE-ALPHA release!

![Screenshot of maystocks](docs/maystocks_plots.png)

### How to use

You need a finnhub or alpaca account (or both) to retrieve stock market data.
Enter key/secret during setup, they will be encrypted using a password and stored locally (in %APPDATA%/maystocks on Windows,
$HOME/Library/Application Support/maystocks on Mac).

Currently, only US market data is supported. Trading is not supported (links to trading sites are shown for some brokers).

Left click to scroll/zoom. Right click to reopen settings after initial setup.

## Q & A

### How about more indicators?

More indicators will be added eventually.

### Does maystocks also support crypto data?

Not yet, but I plan to add support. Please bear with me - any kind of encouragement is welcome :-)

### Could you please add support for a specific broker/api provider?

Please suggest additional brokers on the community discord.

### Community

[Discord](https://discord.gg/AyXVpnZhv6)

### License

AGPL3

Copyright (c) Lothar May
